# CONTRIBUTING

Thank you for considering contributing to this distribution. This file
contains instructions that will help you work with the source code.

PLEASE NOTE that if you have any questions or difficulties, you can reach the
maintainer(s) through the bug queue described later in this document
(preferred), or by emailing the releaser directly. You are not required to
follow any of the steps in this document to submit a patch or bug report;
these are just recommendations, intended to help you (and help us help you
faster).

This distribution has a TODO file in the repository; you may want to check
there to see if your issue or patch idea is mentioned.

The distribution is managed with [Dist::Zilla](https://metacpan.org/release/Dist-Zilla).
This means some of the usual files you might expect may not be in the
repository, but are generated at release time.

However, you can run tests directly using the `prove` tool:

    $ prove -l
    $ prove -lv t/some_test_file.t
    $ prove -lvr t/

In most cases, `prove` is entirely sufficient for you to test any patches you
have.

You may need to satisfy some dependencies. The easiest way to satisfy
dependencies is to install the last release -- this is available at
https://metacpan.org/release/PDL-DSP-Windows

If you use cpanminus, you can do it without downloading the tarball first:

    $ cpanm --reinstall --installdeps --with-recommends PDL::DSP::Windows

Dist::Zilla is a very powerful authoring tool, but requires a number of
author-specific plugins. If you would like to use it for contributing,
install it from CPAN, then run one of the following commands, depending on
your CPAN client:

    $ cpan `dzil authordeps --missing`           # Using cpan

    $ dzil authordeps --missing | cpanm          # Using cpanm

You should then also install any additional requirements not needed by the
dzil build but may be needed by tests or other development:

    $ cpan `dzil listdeps --author --missing`    # Using cpan

    $ dzil listdeps --author --missing | cpanm   # Using cpanm

Or, you can use the `dzil stale` command to install all requirements at once:

    $ cpan Dist::Zilla::App::Command::stale      # Using cpan
    $ cpan `dzil stale --all`

    $ cpanm Dist::Zilla::App::Command::stale     # Using cpanm
    $ dzil stale --all | cpanm

You can also do this via cpanm directly:

    $ cpanm --reinstall --installdeps --with-develop --with-recommends PDL::DSP::Windows

Once installed, here are some dzil commands you might try:

    $ dzil build
    $ dzil test
    $ dzil test --release
    $ dzil xtest
    $ dzil listdeps --json
    $ dzil build --notgz

You can learn more about Dist::Zilla at http://dzil.org/.

The code for this distribution is hosted at GitHub. The repository is at

https://github.com/jjatria/PDL-DSP-Windows

You can submit code changes by forking the repository, pushing your code
changes to your clone, and then submitting a pull request. Please include a
suitable end-user-oriented entry in the Changes file describing your change.
Detailed instructions for doing that is available here:

https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request

All pull requests for this distribution will be automatically tested on Linux
by Travis at: https://travis-ci.org/jjatria/PDL-DSP-Windows

Results will be visible in the pull request on GitHub. Follow the appropriate
links for details when tests fail. Changes will not be mergeable until all
tests pass.

If you have found a bug, but do not have an accompanying patch to fix it, you
can submit an issue report here:

https://github.com/jjatria/PDL-DSP-Windows/issues

This module is built as part of PDL, the Perl Data Language. There is an IRC
channel available for users of PDL distribution, at

irc://irc.perl.org/#pdl

which might also prove useful.

If you send a patch or pull request, your name and email address will be
included in the documentation as a contributor (using the attribution on the
commit or patch), unless you specifically request for it not to be. If you
wish to be listed under a different name or address, you should submit a pull
request to the `.mailmap` file to contain the correct mapping.

This file was based on that used by Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Git
